"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop" - Confucius
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." - Helen Keller
"Energy and persistence conquer all things." - Benjamin Franklin
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." - Dale Carnegie
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal." - Henry Ford
"Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way." - Abraham Lincoln
"I constructed a laboratory in the neighborhood of Pike's Peak. The conditions in the pure air of the Colorado Mountains proved extremely favorable for my experiments, and the results were most gratifying to me." - Nikola Tesla
"Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine." - Nikola Tesla
"Genius is patience." - Isaac Newton
"The proper method for inquiring after the properties of things is to deduce them from experiments." - Isaac Newton
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
"The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing." - Albert Einstein
"We Become What We Think About." - Earl Nightingale
"Everything You’ve Ever Wanted Is On The Other Side Of Fear." - George Addair
"Happiness Is Not Something Readymade. It Comes From Your Own Actions." - Dalai Lama
"All Our Dreams Can Come True If We Have The Courage To Pursue Them" - Walt Disney
"If you want to be Awesome, you have to kick all the negative and boring people out of your life and arm yourself with awesomeness imbued with positivity, creativity and little bit of craziness." - Rajdeep Sarkar
"Always keep your smile. That’s how I explain my long life." – Jeanne Calment
"Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"Security is an illusion. Life is either a daring adventure or it is nothing at all." – Helen Keller
"The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail." — Napoleon Hill
"You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you." – Walt Disney
"I hated every minute of training, but I said, Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion." – Muhammad Ali
"What we think, or what we know, or what we believe is, in the end, of little consequence. The only consequence is what we do." – John Ruskin
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do." – Mark Twain
"The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude." – Oprah Winfrey
"Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy." – Dale Carnegie
"Many of life’s failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." – Thomas Edison
"Those who think it is not cool to be kind are cold hearted." - Catherine Pulsifer
"You need to understand something that will liberate your life: You don't need other people's approval to be happy." - Rick Warren
"The secret of your success is determined by your daily agenda. It all comes down to what you do today." - John Maxwell
"Confidence is contagious and so is lack of confidence." - Vince Lombardi
"My key to dealing with stress is simple: just stay cool and stay focused." - Ashton Eaton
"Cheer up, keep your spirits high, things are bound to get better!" - Anne Frank
"The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls." - Pablo Picasso
"We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse." - Rudyard Kipling
"Music has healing power. It has the ability to take people out of themselves for a few hours." - Elton John
"Never underestimate the power of dreams and the influence of the human spirit. We are all the same in this notion: The potential for greatness lives within each of us." - Wilma Rudolph
"Leadership is about vision and responsibility, not power." Seth Berkley
"Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence." - Leonardo da Vinci
"Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power." - Rene Descartes
"Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society." - Mark Twain
"Whatever has happened to you in your past has no power over this present moment, because life is now." - Oprah Winfrey
"It is a paradox that every dictator has climbed to power on the ladder of free speech. Immediately on attaining power each dictator has suppressed all free speech except his own." - Herbert Hoover
"To live happily is an inward power of the soul." - Marcus Aurelius
"If we want to reduce poverty and misery, if we want to give to every deserving individual what is needed for a safe existence of an intelligent being, we want to provide more machinery, more power. Power is our mainstay, the primary source of our many-sided energies." - Nikola Tesla
"Give me liberty, or give me death!" - Patrick Henry
"Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits." - Thomas Jefferson
"There is no easy walk to freedom anywhere, and many of us will have to pass through the valley of the shadow of death again and again before we reach the mountaintop of our desires." - Nelson Mandela
"Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else." - Margaret Mead
"No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar." - Abraham Lincoln
"One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening." - Franklin P. Jones
"Life is hard. After all, it kills you." - Katharine Hepburn
"That's my only goal. Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard." - Joe Rogan
"I wanna make a jigsaw puzzle that's 40,000 pieces. And when you finish it, it says go outside." - Demetri Martin
"I don't write material. Funny things happen to me in the course of a day, and I just make notes." - Kevin Hart
"Life would be tragic if it weren't funny." - Stephen Hawking
"Don't talk about yourself; it will be done when you leave." - Wilson Mizner
"In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks." - John Muir
"In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present." - Lao Tzu
"Imagination is more important than knowledge." - Albert Einstein
"If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness." - Vusi Mahlasela
"An owl is traditionally a symbol of wisdom, so we are neither doves nor hawks but owls, and we are vigilant when others are resting." - Urjit Patel
"Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable." - Franz Kafka
"People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do." - Lewis Cass
"Action is the antidote to despair." - Joan Baez
"Outstanding people have one thing in common: an absolute sense of mission." ― Zig Ziglar
"If we worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true really is true, then there would be little hope for advance." - Orville Wright
"The airplane stays up because it doesn't have the time to fall." - Orville Wright
"Isn't it astonishing that all these secrets have been preserved for so many years just so we could discover them!" - Orville Wright
"The desire to fly is an idea handed down to us by our ancestors who...looked enviously on the birds soaring freely through space...on the infinite highway of the air." - Wilbur Wright